introducing the new xB 10 from alan
heath an ultra-compact professional
mixing console that's perfect for small
radio or internet broadcast studios
college and university radio stations
podcasting content creation and more
don't be fooled by its tiny size xB 10
is packed full of specialist broadcast
features that make it born for radio all
for the price for decent laptop you're
getting three microphone inputs with
3-band swept mid EQ a dedicated
telephone communication channel for
callers and phonons and three stereo
channels xB 10 also has a plug and play
USB connection for those Skype calls or
for recording program material and
playing jingles great audio quality
starts with the preamps xB tens preamp
design benefits from a Leland Heath's
more than four decades at the forefront
of audio technology using ultra-low
noise discrete transistor circuitry to
achieve high gain and excellent
linearity the mic channels are all
equipped with our compact compressor for
keeping the dynamic range and presenter
Muggs under control
regular compressors simply reduce loud
sounds compact is so much more powerful
giving low-level signals a gain boost
mildly compressing mid-level signals and
limiting high level signals making it
superb for working with the loudest
presenters for the quietest guests we've
also included a variable limiter on the
main output to ensure that the final mix
to air doesn't saturate your converters
or damaged expensive broadcast equipment
a separate headphone mix can be created
for operator and guests or presenter and
the operator can speak or fair to the
studio or telephone callers using the
talk feature just some of the other
essential features broadcasters will
love include Auto mutes on control room
outlets on switch logic and Mike and
telco channels start QLogic outputs on
stereo channels and a remote mute
facility on the mic channels all this is
easily accessible thanks to a 25 Wady
connector on the back panel and of
course xB 10 is made to last with Alan
and heaps legendary touring grade build
quality for broadcasters with limited
space limited budget and huge ambitions
xB 10 is the new mixer of choice